{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh15180\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 # What makes a good/successful Superbowl Ad?\
\
- 
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 SuperBowl commercials are some of the most expensive ads in the world. Companies pay millions of dollars for just 30 seconds of airtime during the big game. I wanted to find out what makes these ads successful on YouTube by using the dataset\
\
- When I looked at which brands advertised the most during SuperBowls, Budweiser was by far the leader with Bud Light being the second place. The outcome showed that beer companies dominate the superbowl ads. Other brands also included the NFL itself, Pepsi, Coca-Cola, and Doritos. \
\
- I was curious if funny ads have become more or less popular over the years. Looking at the data, funny ads have stayed pretty consistent, usually making up between 40-60% of SuperBowl ads each year. \
\
- One of my main  biggest questions was whether funny ads actually perform better on YouTube. The results were interesting . Funny ads did get more average views than non-funny ads, but the difference wasnt as big as I thought. \
\
- Finally, I looked at whether ads with more views also get more likes. The scatter plot shows a positive relationship - generally, ads with more views do get more likes. Some ads get a lot of views but not many likes, which might mean people watched them but didn't enjoy them. \
\
- After analyzing SuperBowl ads, I learned that certain type of brands like beer companies dominate the advertising in Superbowl Ads, funny ads have remained consistently popular over time, and humor does seem to help ads get more YouTube views.}